♪ ♪
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
[Leah] We are enjoying
another beautiful day
here in Conway.
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
and it will continue on
into Friday night.
seeing as
the slight risk of rain
has blown off from the east.
paving the way
for lots of sunshine
over the next few days.
So. whatever your plans are.
if it's spending the day
with your family.
or with that special someone.
you'll be sure to have
plenty of clear skies.
Back to you. Bob!
And...
we're out!
Thanks.
Ahem.
Hey! Chris?
Great forecast.
I wish I could have predicted
that much sunshine.
Uh. listen. I was thinking.
that maybe I could help with
the weather tracking?
Put together some reports?
I know that you are
the network meteorologist.
but. uh. I'd be happy to help.
Thank you. Leah.
but predicting the weather
is a tricky science.
one we've got to get right.
So. we just need you
to use that great on-air energy
that we hired you for
to tell our viewers
if they'll need an umbrella
or not. all-righty?
Of course.
Sunscreen or umbrellas.
Oh!
Maybe you could
drop by the radar
and have a look at the data.
and then report back to me
via text?
That'd be super-helpful.
You got it.
Hey! Nolan. have you thought
about where we might go tonight?
Uh. actually. Leah.
I'm really sorry.
but Carson just got this great
last-minute deal to Vegas.
and it's kind of something
I've always wanted to do.
so. maybe you and I. we could
go out another time. right?
Yeah! Yes.
It's Vegas.
Cool. Okay. well. um...
I gotta jet. so...
Yeah.
- Okay.
- Yeah. totally.
Cool.
Hey. Vegas. baby!
[dejected sigh]
[thunder rolls and rumbles]
Looks like we didn't
get it right this time.
Oh!
You know. some may argue
it's a little unhealthy
to be checking
your social media feed
when out in nature.
Well. thanks for the concern.
but I'm actually
checking the weather.
The weather?
On your weather app?
Uh. no. not on my weather app.
On that.
It's a radar tower.
It helps predict the weather.
Well. when you got all this.
you don't really need that.
"All this"?
Nature.
All you gotta do is listen
and watch carefully.
Stay dry now.
Come on. Brody!
[Brody barks]
"Nature"? Please.
♪ ♪
- Oh. ho. ho!
- Yeah!
Yes!
Look. he's obviously
not interested. Mom.
if he's gonna bail
on our first date.
Look. I get that it's Vegas.
but still.
Well. don't worry.
There'll be
lots more opportunities.
None of my relationships
have worked out.
and even my dating app
is silent now.
So. I've been thinking.
and I've decided
I'm not looking anymore.
For the next year.
I am only gonna focus
on myself and my career.
That is a great idea.
'cause we need someone
to get these forecasts right.
Exactly.
So I'm gonna finish my degree.
get my own place.
and focus on
nothing but winds.
ocean currents.
and weather systems.
It's the year of Leah. Mom.
and it's gonna be great.
[Fiona] You never know
what you'll find
when you least expect it.
♪ ♪
[wind gusting]
Oh! No. no. no! Shoot!
Oh. thank you.
That's not necessary.
Thank you so much.
That's so kind.
Here you are. sunshine...
the usual.
Aw. David. thank you.
And a fresh cinnamon roll.
on the house.
That's great. Thank you.
Have a nice day!
- You too. Enjoy.
- Thank you.
Oh.
Hi! I'm calling about
your apartment for lease.
Is it still available?
Oh.
♪ ♪
[dog barking]
[barking persists]
[barking]
[knocks five times]
[dog barks five times]
[knocks softly. twice]
[barks twice]
[knocks three times]
[dog barks three times]
♪ ♪
[knock-knock-knock]
[barking]
[plays country music]
[dog starts barking frantically]
Oh! Okay. I get it.
[light pop music plays.
barking ends]
Huh!
What do you know?
The mutt likes top 40.
Okay.
♪ ♪
[loudly] Hello?
Yeah! Yeah. that's right.
Unit number nine!
Okay! I'm gonna let you in!
Bye!
[knocks]
Hi!
Hey. Sorry to bother you.
Is there any chance
you could turn your music down?
The walls are kind of thin
in these units.
Sorry. Uh...
Hey! I know you.
You're the guy from the park.
That's your dog?
I'm sorry. I put on the music
because he was barking.
Yeah. Yeah. that's. uh...
I didn't recognize you at first.
without your raincoat
and the phone in your hand.
Funny guy.
So I've been told.
I'm Mark. by the way.
Leah.
I'm sorry about Brody barking.
He gets a bit unsettled when
he's cooped up for too long.
Well. lucky for you.
he's a top-40 fan.
Not so much country
and. thankfully. not hard rock.
Okay.
Oh! And that's my chair.
I take it you're just moving in?
Yeah. You got it.
Hey. uh. do you mind putting it
up against the wall?
Or not.
Thank you!
[laughs]
Here. let me give you a hand.
Least I could do.
with the barking and everything.
That would be great.
You good to take an end?
Uh. yeah. Yeah.
Okay.
[grunting]
If we can just...
Perfect!
Look at that.
Just fits.
Great.
So how long have you been
living next door?
Only a couple months.
It's actually my friend's place.
but he travels a lot for work.
so Brody and I are just
staying there for the year
while I try out a new job.
Although. maybe I should have
left Brody back at the farm.
You live on a farm?
Born and raised.
Wow.
Wow. that's quite the setup.
What are you.
like. a meteorologist?
Not yet.
But. right now. you may know me
as ARP's "weather girl at noon."
I'm sure I would.
if I watched TV
to get my weather forecast.
but...
Right. the "nature" guy.
Well. I hope you leave your home
with an umbrella.
because that folky stuff
isn't exactly accurate.
You'd be surprised.
I'd go so far as to say
that my "folky stuff"
just might be more accurate
than all that.
I doubt that.
But. anyway.
thanks for the help.
and I should get back
to unpacking.
I haven't even found
a fork or a knife yet.
Well. if you want.
I got enough take-out
to feed a barn.
so you're welcome to join me.
and I got lots of cutlery.
It does smells good.
Tastes better.
You know what.
that sounds really fun.
Uh. yummy. I mean.
Uh. you know.
but I... I shouldn't.
You know. I have
so much work to do.
and studying and unpacking.
Raincheck. then?
Yeah.
No pun intended.
Yeah. Hey. uh. don't forget
to put on some J-Lo.
and Shakira. you know.
on the radio.
for the d... Brody. the dog.
You know. when you're not home.
Really? Could've sworn
he was a Kenny Chesney fan.
[chuckles]
Thanks. Bye.
[exhales deeply]
Eye on the ball. Leah.
eye on the ball.
[Chris] I just don't know
how we got it wrong.
Every single satellite picture
showed a shift to the west.
♪ ♪
[Nolan] Hey.
Hey. Are we almost
ready to roll?
- Almost. Yeah.
- Okay.
Great.
So... [chuckles awkwardly]
You seem. uh. busy.
Oh. yeah. sorry. I'm actually
finishing my degree.
Cool! Cool.
School is cool.
Mm-hmm.
Yeah.
Anyway. uh... Vegas was good.
Oh. sorry. I meant to ask.
Oh. no. that's okay.
I mean. it was
good and all. but...
it wasn't worth canceling
the date we had planned.
You know what?
It's all good.
It got me motivated.
Okay. well. I was thinking
maybe. you know.
we could give it another shot?
You know what. Nolan?
I'm actually
not dating right now.
Like at all. with anyone.
And I have this exam
I need to study for.
Aw. shoot!
I have to send a paper
before I go on camera.
- I'm so sorry.
- Okay. Okay.
[knock on door]
Hey!
Hi!
Welcome to Chez Leah.
Oh! Look at this place.
What do you think?
It's nice. right?
It's lovely. sweetheart.
Thank you.
Knock-knock!
Morning. neighbor.
[Leah] Hey! Morning.
I've got my music on for Brody.
Good for you.
Uh. Mom. this is
my neighbor. Mark.
Hi!
- Hey. nice to meet you.
- Nice to meet you.
It's a beautiful day out there.
It is. Take advantage of it
while you can.
It's gonna rain later.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
'Cause that's not what
my satellite system says.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
Smells like rain to me.
Have a good one.
[Leah] Bye!
"Smells like rain." Please.
Smells like the coffee
I just made.
Should we take it to go?
- Sure.
- Okay.
First. you've got to show me
the rest of this place.
Oh. I know. I'm so excited
for you to see.
Oh!
♪ ♪
So. you know.
I've been meaning to ask you
about your very cute neighbor.
Oh...
What?
I told you. I'm not dating
right now. remember?
I know. I know.
I-I respect your decision.
I just...
don't think you should lean
too far either way
on the whole thing.
I'm just saying.
keep your eyes open.
Always.
'cause you never know
who you might meet.
[man] Good evening. ladies.
Because I have to say.
there's an awful lot of men
that are suddenly
taking notice of you.
Mom. please.
Listen.
I have to keep this commitment
to being single and focusing
on myself. you know?
That's why I moved out.
so that I could find myself.
Plus. I am one credit away
from getting
my meteorology degree.
and then Chris
has to take me seriously.
I understand.
[man] Hello.
But just remember...
when it rains. it pours.
[thunder rumbles]
Oh!
Seriously?
[thunder crashing]
♪ ♪
Hey.
Need a hand?
Uh. no. I... I'm good.
Is that why you thought no rain.
was you didn't have batteries
for your gadget?
No. [chuckles]
So. um. miss the farm much?
Sowing all those fields.
We're actually a dairy farm.
but I'm not allowed
to have cows in the city. so.
this way.
I can get my hands dirty.
[laughs]
So. uh. what's this new job
you're trying out?
Consulting for Drewer's Dairy.
They think I can offer
inside knowledge.
Oh. that's got to be a change.
You've no idea.
I didn't even own a suit
till two weeks ago.
[chuckles]
[Leah grumbles]
[she sighs]
May I?
You know. when I was younger.
I always wished
that I grew up in the country.
by fields full of windmills
and satellites and...
You know.
growing up in the country
teaches you
how to predict the weather
without using all these gadgets.
All you got to do
is just observe the crops.
the wildflowers.
and the animals.
Thanks.
but I think I'll stick
to the science of it all.
But thanks for the help.
And. uh. good luck
with the crops.
♪ ♪
[Leah. reporting]
The sun is trying hard
to break through
those hazy clouds.
but I don't think you'll be
needing any sunscreen today.
and keep
those rain jackets close by.
And...
we're out.
Hey. Chris!
Guess what?
I passed my final exam
for my B.Sc..
so I am
an official meteorologist.
Congratulations. Leah.
That's terrific. Good for you.
I even have a whole
weather station in my townhouse.
so I can predict
whatever comes our way.
I can even work on
some of those reports.
Leah. I love your enthusiasm.
I do.
But it takes years
of following weather patterns.
collecting data...
so get some experience.
and then we'll take it
from there.
"Experience."
Right. Okay. Got it.
Oh. hey. that was
a really awesome segment.
Like. you really sold it.
Thanks. Nolan.
Well. I guess that's why
they hired me.
[chuckles]
Hey. do you think I can borrow
some of the station's
weather equipment?
Yeah. sure. Yeah.
I could even
get it for you. too.
And then maybe after...
You are so sweet. Nolan.
Thank you.
Okay.
Oh... okay.
♪ Call. call me ♪
♪ 'Cause I am the one ♪
♪ I got a gift ♪
♪ Or two ♪
Are those for Leah?
Oh. yeah. but this one
needs a signature.
Oh. I can sign for them.
I'm her neighbor.
I'll make sure she gets them.
Oh. great.
Quite a popular girl
we have here.
Yeah. Looks like it.
Thanks.
♪ 'Cause I am the one ♪
♪ I got a gift or two ♪
♪ And I come for you ♪
♪ ♪
[knocking]
Hey.
[Leah] Hey!
You left a note on my door
about a delivery?
A few. actually.
Come on in.
Oh. okay.
Oh! Hey there. Brody.
Hi. buddy.
So is it your birthday. or...?
No. it's not my birthday.
Wait. are you saying
that these are all for me?
Uh-huh. Water?
Uh. yeah. please.
Okay.
Oh. this is Ed.
He's this guy that I just met
that's been finding a spot
right next to me at the park
for lunch. recently.
Yeah. and you know. it's weird.
because he's there
every time I am. oddly.
We've become
really good friends.
Seems like you've got
some male suitors.
"Suitors."
[snickers] No!
This is probably
just a housewarming gift.
Because you're taken?
Like. in a relationship.
and men shouldn't be
suitoring you?
I'm definitely
not in a relationship.
Or "taken."
And I'm certainly not interested
in either of them.
Because they're not your type
or... whoa.
Sorry. Let me back that up.
It's none of my business.
No. It's okay if you ask.
I mean. if you want to know.
I recently decided
that I was going
to strictly focus on myself
and my career.
Which is super-ironic.
that I'm getting
this much attention.
because when I was
looking for someone.
trust me. none of this
was happening.
Well. you know what they say...
when it rains. it pours.
That's what my mom always says.
But hey. I can get onboard
with your decision
to do something different
for a year.
Look at me.
We're kind of in the same boat.
I guess we are.
Are those cheesesticks?
I don't know.
Let's see.
We've got...
some red pepper jelly.
chocolate almonds...
and cheesesticks.
Do you want one?
Who could say "no"
to a cheesestick?
[laughs] Okay.
There you go.
Oh. and I think we're supposed
to dip it into this.
- Gotta love a gift basket.
- Mm-hmm.
[munching]
Oh. yeah.
Mm.
So. um. what are you gonna do
if your job doesn't work out?
Go back to the farm. no regrets.
because I gave it a shot.
And as a extra bonus...
I got to meet
a really great neighbor.
Well. I can't argue with that.
Cheers...
Cheers.
To great neighbors...
To great neighbors.
[both chuckling]
Mm!
- It's better with the dip.
- Yeah.
We are now in week two
of daily showers
with no break
in the wet forecast.
Back to you. Bob.
[app alert chimes]
♪ I get everything about you ♪
♪ You make it easy for me to love you ♪
[knocking]
♪ Your sweet smile Your bad-boy style ♪
♪ The way your eyes... ♪
- Knock-knock.
- Hey!
There you go.
- Thank you.
- Yeah. Can't wait to taste!
♪ ♪
♪ Our love is like a train
We're on the express ♪
Perfect.
♪ Sometimes. it's crazy
But I don't mind the madness ♪
♪ We're up and down ♪
♪ We're on a merry-go-round ♪
♪ I wouldn't have it
Any other way ♪
[seal pops]
♪ Let's pretend we're lost ♪
♪ On a desert island
Far away... ♪
All right. Good to go.
♪ Keep our fingers crossed ♪
♪ No one ever finds
Our hiding place ♪
♪ I don't need a rescue ♪
♪ All I need is you ♪
♪ You're the one
That I'd run to ♪
♪ ♪
♪ All I need is you ♪
Knock-knock.
♪ I wanna spend my days
Wrapped in your arms ♪
♪ And know that you'd be there
To catch me ♪
♪ If ever I fall ♪
[both chuckling]
♪ All I need is you ♪
What do you think?
- Great.
- It's great.
As usual.
♪ I like how you seem
So fearless ♪
- [Brody barking]
- [Mark] Hey. boy!
Are you happy I'm home?
[Brody barks]
Knock-knock.
Hey.
You okay?
Yeah.
No. Not really.
You want to go for a walk?
Okay.
I just thought
it'd be different. exciting.
you know. being in the city.
working for a big corporation.
Don't get me wrong.
I am learning about
a whole different side
of the dairy industry.
It's just... a year is seeming
like a long time now.
Did something happen?
Nah. It's just my dad.
I was FaceTiming him earlier.
I think he's lonely.
Mm.
Yeah.
You close with your folks?
I am.
So. who says
you have to stick it out?
I do.
I made a commitment
to give it a fair chance.
even if I'm not a city boy.
Yeah.
[Brody barking]
Oh! There goes Brody.
Is he gonna come back?
For the dinner bell or a ball.
Come on.
He's probably just trying
to find something to herd.
- Brody!
Hey. Brody!
You can take the dog
out of the farm.
but you can't take the farm
outta the dog.
Can you blame him.
with all these puddles?
The city should really
get some rain barrels.
so that we can
use this rain for good.
That way. we can help everyone
learn about climate
and preservation.
How do you get
something like that going?
Do we petition for it?
Actually. that's exactly
what we should do.
And we could get an anemometer
in one of the parks.
Anem-what?
Um. it measures wind speed.
We can also set up
a weather station for the kids.
and they can learn
about weather systems.
and pressure. and climate.
I mean. what do you think?
I think I love your enthusiasm.
It sounds great.
I'm in.
Well. you know.
if the petition passes.
you're gonna have to stay
in the city longer.
until it's finished.
To hang out with you?
- Yeah.
- Until we get this done?
Well. it's a win-win.
both professionally
and personally.
'cause. you know.
I'd really like to have
my friend and neighbor
around a little bit longer.
Then let's do it.
So. once we get
all the signatures.
maybe we can bring it up
at the next community
council meeting.
Rally up some more signatures
and support.
Wait. what?
No flowers today?
[Leah laughs]
Oh. it's been a slow week.
Maybe I can take care of that.
Oh. There it is.
[heavy rains pattering]
But this weekend. you and I.
we'll hit up the parks
and start petitioning?
You got it.
Okay. Well. goodnight. Mark.
'Night. Leah.
Thanks for cheering me up.
That's what friends are for.
♪ ♪
Thank you
for signing the petition.
You'll see. it'll be worth it.
Thank you.
Got 50 signatures so far.
Oh.
Oh. ten phone numbers. I see.
from a "Luke"
and a "Jeffrey."
It's not like I asked for them.
Should we take a break?
Oh. yeah. I'm actually starving.
I think there's a food truck
around here somewhere.
Don't worry.
I got it covered.
What's this?
Well. when you're working
in the pasture all day.
you make it a habit
to bring along lunch.
otherwise you lose time.
But personally.
I just prefer eating outside.
I don't think this rain break
is gonna last.
Thanks. How are you so sure
it's gonna rain again?
Look up.
See the birds flying?
[Leah] Mm. Of course.
That's your forecast.
You see. birds will fly high
during good weather.
so you barely see them.
but if there's
disruptive air pressures.
they fly low to avoid it.
like when rain
or a storm's coming.
Where did you learn that?
My grandpa.
Taught me a lot. actually.
Like about ants.
You don't pay them
much attention.
but if you did.
you'd notice that
they build their anthills
higher and steeper
when rain's coming.
Well. that's great.
but if all it took
were birds and bugs
to predict the forecast.
well. then I wouldn't need
my new degree.
You know.
you can't beat science.
You just have to work at it
to get the forecast right.
and I plan on being the best.
I'm sure you will be.
Just remember.
Mother Nature
can be unpredictable.
but she'll always give you
clues along the way.
Like that. um. really big bug...
What? Where? Where?
Right...
[chuckling]
Sorry!
[woman] Mark?
Rochelle.
What are you doing here?
I think I should be asking
the diehard country boy that.
I mean. you must be considered
an outlaw back home.
An outlaw? I love that.
Oh. Rochelle. this is my good
friend and neighbor. Leah.
Hey! It's nice to meet you.
And you.
So. you live here now?
Well. sort of.
Temporarily. for now.
Wow! I thought
I'd never see the day
that Mark Crawford
would step foot off the farm.
It's a trial run.
[Rochelle] I see.
Well. maybe you could
tell me all about it
the next time I'm in town.
Yeah. for sure.
Oh. here. I'll take your number.
[app alert chimes]
Sorry. that's my satellite.
Excuse me.
So where are you staying?
Uh. Darren Frum's. actually.
Darren. as in Darren.
"mascot Darren."
from high school?
You got it.
Well. tell him I said hi
and I'll call you.
It's really great
to see you. Mark.
- Yeah. you too.
- Bye.
Looks like there's
no precipitation
for the rest of the day.
Sure about that?
Right. about the birds.
Well. like. I told you.
it's all about science.
So. uh. who's Rochelle?
Oh. she and I went
to the same high school.
After she graduated.
she went to college
in Little Rock
and decided to stay.
It's only the second time
I've seen her
since she decided
to move to the city.
Oh. well. that'll be
a nice catch-up. right?
Yeah. Yeah. I guess so.
[text alert chimes]
Excuse me.
It's the network.
Chris is under the weather.
and they want me to...
go in and analyze
the weather data.
And I do the forecast tonight.
That is my chance...
do you mind?
No! No. go.
I'll rally some more signatures.
Although. I doubt I'll get
as many phone numbers as you.
Funny.
I'll see you later.
Thank you.
You bet.
A ridge of high pressure
appears to be moving
northeast overnight.
so put away
your umbrellas. Conway.
because. by morning.
you'll be smiling at the sun.
[thunder rumbles]
You've got to be kidding me.
Looks like
we got a bit of rain. huh?
Thanks. Captain.
You okay?
[Brody whines]
Aside from my forecast
being completely off.
I'm great.
Well. you wouldn't be the first
weather person to be wrong.
I get that.
but if I want to prove
that I can be more than
just a weather girl.
I have to get it right.
I mean. I can't get
people's hopes up.
especially farmers.
whose fields are drowning
from all this rain.
Here.
Why don't you
take a break from all this...
and come with us
on a little road trip?
[chuckles]
It's Sunday.
you don't have to be on the air.
and this place has the ability
to predict the forecast.
Are we going birdwatching again?
Because I'm gonna need something
a little but more than that.
No birds.
but if it makes you feel better.
you can bring along
all your little gadgets
and cell phone notifications
with you.
What do you say?
Fine...
but there better be
cell service.
Of course.
We hit the road in 20.
Be ready.
Okay.
♪ ♪
Where are we?
Little spot
I like to go fishing.
Come on.
Great. I just lost signal.
Really?
Must be something in the air.
You knew I wouldn't have
cell service here. didn't you?
Would you have come
if I'd told you?
Maybe.
I just need
to stay on top of things.
Trust me. You won't need
all those readings today.
Welcome to Pearson Pond.
This?
This is where I'm gonna learn
about the forecast?
I doubt if I'll catch
more than a minnow here.
Hey. don't knock it.
There's more life in this pond
than anywhere else I've fished.
Here.
You know what to do?
I think so.
So should I look up at the sky
or the water?
Nope. This time.
all you gotta do is listen.
What do you hear?
The wind?
And. of course. crickets.
When I was kid.
my grandpa was always the last
to go out and check on
the cows at night.
and. of course. I always
wanted to go with him.
but I'd have to be up early
the next day.
so. before he went out.
he'd ask me
if he needed his jacket or not.
He taught me to listen
to the sound of the crickets
and count the number of chirps
in 14 seconds.
and then add 40
to get the temperature.
So I'd listen and count.
and it was like counting sheep.
so I'd get sleepy before bed.
[laughs]
Sounds like your grandfather
was a pretty wise man.
He was.
Want to try it?
All you gotta do
is listen and count.
Okay.
One. two. three...
[crickets chirping]
20. plus 40...
Wow. That's really accurate.
More accurate than science?
Oh. I think I got something.
Oh. ho!
Okay...
Oh. ho. ho!
Yup. that is definitely a fish.
[laughs]
But if you love it...
you set it free.
[water splashing]
Isn't that what they say?
That's what they say.
Cheese?
You know it.
You know what I love about you?
You are always ready to eat.
You always seem to have
a stash of food somewhere.
I can't help it.
I get hangry
if I don't eat when I need to.
and you do not want to see that.
Oh. I've seen it. my friend.
Remember when you came home
from that meeting
that went late at work.
and you hadn't eaten lunch?
Yeah.
I wish I would've had
a cheesestick then.
[both laughing]
Amazing. We haven't even
been neighbors that long.
you already know all about me.
Well. not everything.
Like I didn't know
you came here to fish.
When do you come here?
Actually. this is
the first time
I've been out here in a while.
I figured if I wanted to give
the whole city thing a chance.
then I came out here. well.
it'd be easy
to fall back into my old ways.
Does that make sense?
It does.
I guess it's kind of like
if I decided to go on a date.
you know. I might
get sidetracked
or lose focus.
Which could happen.
if it was a good date.
Does that make sense?
Yeah.
Yeah. it does.
[frogs begin croaking]
Ah... there they are.
[laughs]
It kind of sounds like
a rock concert.
When it's gonna rain.
they like to sound off
louder than usual.
Like a "ribbit" concert.
Ahh. Hmm.
No? Not feeling that one?
It's pretty good.
♪ ♪
[Mark] Go on. boy.
Be there in a minute.
I can't believe
how well-trained Brody is.
I mean. he just
waits for you there.
Well. he did grow up
on a farm. so.
Yeah. that's true.
Hey!
Darren. buddy!
How was Seattle?
Surprisingly sunny.
Did you bring any of
that sunshine back with you?
Darren. this is...
Leah Waddell! I know.
When I'm home.
I watch cable six.
[laughs]
It is a pleasure.
- Yeah. hi.
- So are you my new neighbor?
I am. yeah!
Well. then we'll have to have
you over sometime.
when I'm in town for longer
than 24 hours.
Sounds great.
although I have spent
quite a bit of time
at your house already. so.
Anyway. I'll let you two
catch up.
but have a good night.
'Night.
[gate shuts]
Oh! No. it is so not like that.
Trust me.
Leah Waddell!
Wow.
So there's really
no chance at all with her?
Nope.
[Darren] Hmm.
Well. maybe a little hard-to-get
isn't a bad thing.
I explained it to you
already. Darren.
It's not like that.
I mean. she made the decision
to be on her own for the year.
and that's it.
Or until she meets
the right man.
which could be you.
I can't be that guy.
Why not?
There were sparks between
you two. I saw it.
Admit it. bro.
We're friends.
Just friends!
That's what you saw.
That easy camaraderie and...
Mm-mm. except men and women
don't have that.
Do you seriously
still believe that men and women
can't be buddies.
because one or the other
always wants more?
Because that is Neanderthal.
Between you and Leah?
I believe it.
More specifically.
I know you want
to be more than friends.
Oh. I gotta jet.
Look. just keep me posted
on all this. okay?
'Cause I'm really curious
to see where all
this camaraderie leads to
by the time I get back.
[guys laughing]
♪ ♪
[Leah] Good thing I got
plenty of water
in my rain barrels.
Oh. mine are overflowing. too.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Knock-knock.
Grabbed those muffins
from your coffee-man admirer.
Oh.
Oh. here. let me help you
with that.
Yeah. just hold it steady.
Perfect...
Thanks.
Uh. Dad. this is
my neighbor. Mark.
Mom. you remember Mark?
[Fiona]
Yeah. nice to see you again.
And you. And I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to interrupt.
- Oh.
- Not at all.
Those muffins smell good.
Oh. yeah. please. help yourself.
Blueberry. Leah's favorite.
Uh. so Mark is in the city
for a new job.
Really? What's that?
Consulting. for Drewer's.
- The dairy people?
- Mm-hmm.
That's right. and his family
owns a dairy farm.
[Fiona] Oh. that's interesting.
You know. when Leah was little.
she always wanted us
to move to the country.
I'm pretty sure
she's a country girl at heart.
Well. she sure knows
how to fish.
That's my girl. all right.
Well. I should
leave you to your visit.
but it was a pleasure
seeing you again.
and it was a pleasure
meeting you.
Well. please don't leave
on our account.
I appreciate that.
but I actually have
to get my dog out
before he chews
through the drywall.
[laughter]
Thanks for the muffins.
No problem.
Mom. Don't.
What?
The man just walks right in.
Uh. that's because
we've become good friends.
And he knows
what I'm trying to do.
because he's doing
the same thing.
And what's that?
Not dating?
No.
Maybe.
Well. I don't know.
What I meant
is that he's focused
on his new job for a year.
just like I'm focused
on my career for a year.
I'm just glad
there's someone close by
who can look after you.
I don't need anyone
to look after me. Dad.
but I know what you mean.
Yeah. Now. Fiona.
the first pitch
is in 30 minutes.
I know. I know.
Honey. I baked you a lasagna.
Mom. thank you.
You're welcome. sweetie.
I miss cooking for three.
Mm. yeah. it's remarkably hard
to cook for one.
Well. then cook for two.
- Bye! Love you!
- Love you. too.
Go. team. go!
- Whoo!
[laughs]
[thunder rumbling]
Oh. no.
♪ ♪
So. any good news
in the forecast?
Well. other than
a bit less humidity.
not really.
Oh.
I'm sorry
that I predicted all that sun
when you were
under the weather...
no pun.
That's all right.
We've both been wrong.
But I've been working
really hard.
and I've learned a lot
about weather predictions.
That's good.
because if you can predict when
this weather's going to end.
you just may find yourself
doing more than
our midday forecasts.
You mean. I... I would be
working with you?
As one of our network
meteorologists. yes.
That would great.
It will be...
if you can figure out
when we'll see the sun again.
♪ ♪
[exhales deeply]
Thank you. Mom.
Mm!
[controls beeping]
♪ ♪
[smoke alarm blaring]
Oh!
No. no. no. no. no. no. no!
[beeping]
No!
Hey! What's going on?
It's a lasagna.
Is that what that is?
Can you just...
- Yeah.
- Please.
[alarm stops]
Thank you.
So I take it that was dinner?
And breakfast and lunch.
Well...
I'm on way to visit my dad.
Why don't you come with me?
He always cooks
more than he needs.
I don't... I don't know.
I should probably
just order a pizza
so I can keep tracking
this weather system.
Actually. I just happen to know
the best place to track that.
And why am I not surprised?
Does that mean you're coming?
Look. I don't want to intrude
on your dad.
My dad runs a farm.
He's used to the unexpected.
And in case you're wondering.
we do get wi-fi up there.
Scout's honor.
♪ ♪
Ah. there he is.
Hey. Dad.
And you!
You rotten scoundrel.
Ohh! City teaching you
to behave?
Hardly.
Ah! And who's this?
Oh. Dad.
this is my new neighbor
in the city. Leah Waddell.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
Mr. Crawford.
Only the tax man
calls me "mister."
so unless you're working
for the I.R.S..
you call me Dean.
All right. then. Dean.
Good! Now I know
you're not gonna audit me.
Come on
and I'll get y'all a drink
before Mark shows you around.
Okay.
[Leah] Your dad's
a real character.
[Mark] Yeah.
He's one of a kind.
Just like all us Crawford boys.
You know cows can help you
predict the weather. too?
Really?
Yeah. See how
they're all moving around?
Yeah?
Because the rain's coming again.
Well. rain is better
than drought. I guess.
Actually. too much rain
can be just as bad for farming
as not enough.
Rots the vegetables on the vine.
drowns the roots.
and makes it harder to harvest.
Even make it harder
for these old girls to graze.
so too much rain can't be good
for anyone who makes
their living off the land.
I bet.
It's Mother Nature's way
of reminding us
to respect what she provides.
because if we don't.
times like these
will only get worse.
Hmm.
Huh. Guess the cows were right.
Come on.
This boy
had every single worker
out in that field.
playing baseball.
using their bare hands!
Until that Christmas.
when Dad bought all
the hands on the farm gloves...
and that's when we started
our own little farm league.
But we only played games
after all the work
around here was done.
That's amazing.
So do you still play?
Well. not so much
since we lost our pitcher.
But a man's got
to forge his own path.
And there's always
gonna be baseball.
Well. you know. I come from
a long line of baseball fans.
Ah. so no wonder the two of you
get along so well.
You got anything else in common?
Ah. there's a few things.
In fact. your son is teaching me
a lot about the weather.
[chuckles] Yep.
Doesn't take
a lot of learning to see
it's pretty soggy around here.
- Mm.
- How bad is it?
Well. it'd be nice if the rain
let up for a spell.
We could use a good week.
at least.
You got a dry spell
in the forecast for us?
[chuckles]
Judging by those cows.
no. I'm sorry.
Well. the weather will turn.
sooner or later.
Always does.
[Leah] Thanks for
letting me join you.
Oh. heck. it's refreshing
to have a beautiful face
around the table again.
Not that us Crawford men
aren't handsome enough.
but. ah. we get tired
of seeing the same mugs.
so please.
you come again. any time.
I will.
Thank you. Goodnight.
Dad. you let me know
if you need any help
around here. all right?
Don't you worry about that. son.
We got plenty of hands.
You just give that job
of yours a chance.
because. from where
I'm standing.
the city's looking pretty good.
All right. Dad. Thanks.
Goodnight.
Don't be a stranger.
♪ ♪
[thunder rumbling]
[Leah] Thank you.
Home. sweet home.
[Leah sighs]
- [Leah sighs]
- [Mark] What is it?
Ah. nothing. It's just...
it was so great
being in the country.
Well. good thing
I brought a little back then.
To make up for that slow week.
[inhales deeply]
The scent is so strong.
It's all the moisture
in the air.
What's this?
Another one of your admirers?
[chuckles]
Our petition was accepted
by the city council.
So we're getting a rain barrel?
They're giving us
everything that we asked for.
That's great!
But they can't start
until next year.
because they don't
have enough crews.
That's a long time from now.
What if we recruited people
in the community
to help get it done?
I built a barn that way.
and built ten acres of fencing.
so that... will be
a walk in the park.
Really?
You would want to?
Sure I would.
Okay.
Yeah. let's do it.
Let's make this happen!
[laughing]
Oh. uh. I don't want
to crush the flowers.
I should probably
put them in water.
Yeah. Yeah. right.
For sure.
Yeah.
Okay. well...
yay. we won!
Mm-hmm.
I'll. uh. see you tomorrow?
Yes. you will.
Okay. Great.
Well. goodnight. Mark.
Goodnight. Leah.
♪ ♪
We're gonna need
as many hands as possible.
so thank you.
and we'll see you then.
Thanks.
Hey...
Hey.
I hear you're recruiting
for a park project?
We are.
We're gonna need lots of hands
for hooking up
giant rain catchers. windmills...
Say no more.
I'm in.
Okay. and then maybe afterwards
we could finally grab
that drink or...
Uh. yeah...
Hey. Leah.
You might want to see this.
- Oh. Thanks.
- Yeah.
Wait. This can't be right.
What can't be right?
Chris's forecast
states a break in the rain.
Well. that's a good thing.
though. isn't it?
Yeah. only if it's true.
That's a good one.
I like that.
Uh. hey. Chris?
Excuse us.
That's good news
in the forecast.
Too bad you didn't catch it.
Actually. I don't think
that it's right.
Really?
Based on what?
Because not just me.
but all the other news outlets
are reporting clear skies
in a few days.
So. what have you got?
Actually...
I got it from Mother Nature.
Please. don't tell me
you're being serious right now.
[chuckles awkwardly]
Well. actually. I am.
Chris.
Listen.
I want to forecast sunshine.
I do!
But...
I'm sorry. I just don't think
that's gonna happen.
Not yet.
Please.
I think I'm right about this.
[Chris] I'm sorry. Leah.
The science says sunshine.
That's what we follow here.
[Leah]
Well. no sign of sun yet.
At least I showed my boss
I know what I'm talking about.
Thanks to you.
It seems that science and nature
are a winning combination.
Hey! You made it.
Hey. hey. hey!
Uh. Nolan here is the one
who makes sure that the camera
always gets my good side.
Except all your sides
are great. Leah.
Oh.
So you two. uh. work together?
[Leah] That we do.
Hey. Nolan. do you mind
taking charge of the barometers?
Of course. I'm on it.
[Leah] Thank you.
[chuckles]
He seems nice.
Yeah. he's a good guy.
Good guy that you've ever dated?
I was supposed to go
on a date with him.
but I didn't.
Why?
Uh. well. he ended up
going to Vegas. actually.
But it was great.
because that's the moment
I decided to focus on me.
Right.
So when "the year of Leah"
is over.
do you think you and Nolan
are gonna make up for that date?
Uh. I don't know.
I haven't really
thought about it.
What I have been
thinking about. though.
is that how great my life
has been going
these past few months.
You know. no men. no dating.
no heartbreak.
which has made me feel
a lot more confident
and good about myself.
so that's nice.
I mean. who knows.
I might just stay the course
after this year is over.
Really?
Yeah. I...
look how much
I've accomplished so far.
Aside from not feeling the feels
of failed relationships.
I got my degree.
and my field work
is more accurate every day.
and all this. right here.
[thunder claps]
Oh!
[laughing]
Just in time!
[phone rings]
Is everything okay?
Yeah. it's. uh...
it's Rochelle.
She's gonna be in
from Little Rock tomorrow
and wants to meet up.
Oh. Are you gonna go?
Yeah. I think
it would be good to catch up.
and I'm not "not dating"
like you. so.
Oh. so it's like a date
more than a catch-up?
I didn't say that.
I'm just not saying no.
Like you.
Well... I hope you have fun.
Well. I'm gonna go help out
with the cloud display.
but you can hold on to that.
I got this.
See you later.
♪ ♪
[thunder crashing]
I don't care
if he's going out with Rochelle.
because he's just a friend.
A really good friend.
and it's just I worry about him.
as a friend.
And what are you worried about?
Well. he's vulnerable right now.
He doesn't know
if he should stay in the city.
or go back to the farm.
and who knows?
She could influence that.
He did say she always wanted
to be in the city.
So you don't think
he should stay in the city?
No. I...
I would love for him to stay.
because. you know. he's such
a great neighbor. of course.
but he's clearly a country boy.
Well. it sounds like
he needs to figure out
what's best for him.
like you're doing.
♪ There's my birthday girl ♪
Dad. don't age me.
It isn't for another week.
But you did make
a reservation at Mallory's?
Of course. Table for three.
Just like every year.
Why change a good thing?
[Rochelle] So you're living
in the Hartford complex.
Unit five.
I actually just sold a unit
in one of their latest
developments in Little Rock.
So business is good?
Can't complain.
You know. Brody looks a lot
like your old dog. Chase.
That's because
Brody's got the same mom.
It was her last litter.
and Chase was getting older.
so I thought a new pup would
help keep his spirit young.
Aww.
Chase was a good boy.
And Brody seems to be
pretty well behaved.
Well. that's actually
thanks to Leah.
who figured out
that music mellows him out
during a rainstorm.
and she gets him out to the park
when I'm working late.
And. actually. she's created
this whole
outdoor weather station.
It's amazing. really.
Leah? This is
the neighbor I just met?
That's the one.
And you two are just friends?
That we are.
Well. I think it's great
to see you in the city.
And to be honest.
it seems to suit you.
and Brody.
I mean. I know you said
you'd never leave the farm.
but here we are.
♪ ♪
- Hey.
- Oh!
Oh. Hey.
What are you doing?
Ah... nothing.
I thought I heard Brody.
And there he is.
So I must be hearing things.
But. uh... hey!
How was your catch-up?
With. uh. Rochelle?
It was good.
Great...
Great.
Uh. well. I'm gonna
go check on my radar.
There's been a lot of activity
in the miles around here.
So I'll. uh. catch ya later.
skater... neighbor.
See you.
[phone alert chimes repeatedly]
Is your dating app?
No. Um...
The storm front I'm following
has gotten really big.
I don't know why. but...
that look scares me.
Well. there's nothing
to be afraid of.
Unless you. uh. don't like
chasing storms.
What do you think. Brody?
Like chasing storms?
[chuckles]
♪ ♪
[Leah] This is perfect.
Not too close. but close enough
to get the perfect view.
Is it coming towards us?
Mm. Thankfully not.
[Mark] That is one big storm.
[Leah] Yeah.
Beautiful yet terrifying.
all at the same time.
Yeah.
You know. when I was a kid.
I. uh. used to wake up at night
when a storm blew in.
Not because I was scared.
but I would get out of bed.
and lay on my bedroom floor
so I could get a perfect view
through the window of the storm.
Just like the old days then...
except I'm willing to bet
the view from here
might be even better.
So. Mr. Snack Man.
what do you got for me today?
- Funny you should ask.
- Mm?
How about...
a half-eaten bag
of slightly-stale potato chips?
That is perfect.
Thank you very much.
Mm.
Perfectly stale.
Right?
A storm always makes
my hair stand on end.
Yeah. Mine too.
♪ ♪
[app alerts chiming]
[alerts continue chiming]
♪ ♪
[knocking]
♪ It's your "bear-thday" ♪
♪ And you know what they say ♪
Thank you. George.
Have a nice day.
Again.
[sighs]
[knocking]
Just leave it on the doorstep!
Oh. Thank goodness. it's you.
Wow. Did all the bachelors
in the city
find out you were
unavailable indefinitely?
It's my birthday.
How did I not know that?
Uh...
I mean...
even your coffee vendor.
David. figured it out.
Well. that's because you get
a free coffee on your birthday.
And flowers. apparently.
[Leah's dad] Knock-knock!
- [overlapping] Hey!
- Happy birthday!
Thank you.
What is all of this?
Well. it is my birthday.
Now. on normal days.
she only gets
half as many deliveries.
Really?
Well. you know what they say.
When it rains. it pours.
I know.
Mark. seeing as you're here.
why don't you join us?
We're taking Leah
for her birthday dinner
at Mallory's.
It's where we celebrate
all the Waddell birthdays.
I don't want to intrude.
if it's a tradition.
Don't be silly.
We'll just make it for four.
Yeah. it's settled.
And we should hurry.
We don't want them to run out
of their clam chowder.
They make a fresh pot every day.
and when it's gone. it's gone.
so if they have it.
you really have to try it.
All the other kids
had run inside already.
but not this one.
Fiona was outside.
screaming like Auntie Em
in The Wizard of Oz.
except. instead of "Dorothy."
she was yelling "Leah! Leah!"
[all laughing]
Finally. we saw her.
strolling down the street.
looking up at the sky.
head in the clouds. as usual.
You would've loved
growing up on the farm then.
'cause we got
some epic storms out there.
Oh. I know
she would've loved that.
Well. they couldn't have been
any bigger than the ones
we saw on our storm-chasing
tour. right. Dad?
I don't think so.
Storm-chasing tour?
I still can't believe
you actually
went through with that.
Can't go back
on a birthday promise.
When Leah turned six years old.
I foolishly promised
that. in ten years.
if she was still
that interested in the weather.
I would take her on this tour.
Biggest rookie-Dad mistake
I ever made.
[laughter]
- Dad. it wasn't that bad.
- What?
Your father told me that
when he saw those storm clouds.
he wanted
to jump out of the van.
- [laughter]
- Yeah. call me crazy.
but I think that there is
something inherently wrong
with driving into a storm.
instead of away from it.
Yeah. I could see that.
if you don't
like chasing storms.
Yep. kind of makes my hair
stand on end.
In a good way.
So. Mark.
how is your job going?
Ah. it's all right.
I mean. I thought
I'd shared everything I know
about dairy farming.
but they seem to think
I have more to offer.
so they've asked me to stay on.
more permanently.
Really?
Well. congratulations.
Thanks.
Are you gonna stay on
more permanently?
I don't know yet.
I'm a bit torn right now.
I mean. the city does have
a lot to offer. of course.
but the farm...
well. that's where my heart is.
But the city is growing on me.
Ahh!
Yeah!
[Dad laughing]
[Leah] Mom. Dad.
What? It is tradition.
and you are never
too old for that.
Happy birthday. Dorothy.
Make a wish.
[overlapping] Yeah!
- Thank you.
- Happy Birthday. honey.
Mwah!
Goodnight!
- Goodnight.
- Thank you!
- Love you!
- You too. honey.
- Happy birthday. sweetheart.
- Thank you!
[Leah chuckles]
That was fun!
How was the clam chowder?
It was actually really good.
Yeah.
I'm happy there was some left.
[Mark] Yeah.
Um...
Thanks.
For what?
For being a sport
and coming to dinner.
Actually. I was planning
on coming by tonight.
to see what you were doing.
so I could give you this.
I thought you said
you didn't know.
Of course I knew!
You have it circled
in bright red on your calendar.
Mark. they're beautiful.
Just like you.
And they're not
just pretty on the outside.
You see. with daisies.
when rain's on its way.
the petals will close up
so not a single drop gets in.
And when the sun's coming.
well...
they smile at it.
So in a way. they're like...
nature's rain predictor.
It's the perfect gift.
Well. I'd have to say
stormchasing's pretty awesome.
but. yeah. it's a close second.
Happy birthday.
And. uh. hey...
when's your birthday?
Friends should know that.
October 7th.
Ah. A Libra.
Now I get it.
Get what?
Goodnight.
'Night.
Hmm.
[Brody whines]
I'm telling you. bro.
She "gets it" because
you always weigh your options.
You know. Libra.
sign of the scales.
Like with this whole work thing.
you won't make
a rushed decision...
or with her.
You know. is she just a friend?
Isn't she?
Should I ask her out?
Shouldn't I?
We are just friends.
Her decision.
which. by the way.
is going on indefinitely now.
So then.
you have nothing to lose.
What do you mean?
If you ask her out.
she's either gonna say no.
or break her resolve
and say yes.
But I have everything
to lose. Darren.
I mean...
if I ask her out. that'll be it.
It'll completely
change everything...
our whole dynamic.
our whole friendship.
So what are you gonna do?
I guess
I wait until she's ready.
And when she is.
I just have to hope
that I'll be the one.
And if you're not.
you've wasted a lot of time.
my friend.
If I were you.
I would just start dating.
Maybe give this whole
Rochelle thing another shot.
I mean. you two do have history.
I don't know.
This sounds like
a bad idea. somehow.
Trust me.
A distraction right now
is exactly what you need.
♪ ♪
Ooh! Hot oven!
Where're you flying to next?
Chicago. Big trade show.
All right. bud.
Next time you're in town.
we gotta go to this awesome
pizza place called Marco's.
Wait a minute.
You know about Marco's?
Best pizza in the city.
[chuckling] Wow!
Look at you.
You are settling in.
We'll make a big city boy
out of you in no time.
[Mark] Okay.
Hi. guys!
Rochelle.
What are you doing here?
Well. Darren actually
called me...
Since high school!
It's been so long!
Wow. Rochelle.
You... I haven't seen you since
you and Mark were. you know...
and. clearly. I'm guessing
you're here to see him.
and sadly not me.
Right? So.
Right. But you called me?
[chuckles awkwardly]
Okay.
Uh...
well. your place looks amazing.
Hey. if you're free. Mark.
did you want to grab a coffee
and catch up?
I would love to.
but I was actually just
heading out to run some errands.
But he'll be free later.
Maybe we could have dinner.
Later.
[Darren] Sounds great!
And I'm flying out of town.
so the place'll be yours.
I can make your favorite.
veggie pot pie.
I'd need to be in your kitchen
a little bit earlier.
No problemo!
Here. take my key.
Um...
perfect.
I'll grab what I need
this afternoon
and head over
and start prepping.
- Yeah.
- Fabuloso!
So good to see you again.
Rochelle.
You too.
Oh. hey.
Make sure you take care
of my guy. okay?
[slaps Mark's back]
I will.
And I'll see you later.
Bye.
Good old Rochelle.
Really?
What? She was
in the neighborhood.
♪ ♪
[Leah] Knock-knock!
Oh. hey there. Brody!
Oh. You listening
to some new music today?
So. those. uh.
daisies you got me...
I swear one of them is
a little bit droopy. but I co...
Oh. I'm sorry.
I-I didn't realize...
Leah. right?
That's right.
And... and you're Rochelle.
In the flesh.
Mark gave me a key
so I could make
one of his favorite dishes...
[overlapping]
Vegetable pot pie.
Yeah.
Right.
So Mark tells me
you two are good friends.
That we are.
So. what do you think?
Apple or berry crumble?
Uh... apple.
[laughs]
That's what I thought.
I just wasn't sure
if his taste buds had changed.
You know. if you need him
right now for anything.
he's actually not home.
Oh! Uh. right.
I-It wasn't important.
I'll talk to him later.
Great. I'll tell him
you stopped by.
Great.
Well. so I'll just head out.
I'm just...
- Bye.
♪ ♪
So what do you think?
Everything's tasted amazing
so far.
Yeah. well. I did remember
that veggie pot pie
and apple crumble
were your favorites.
Yep.
And just so you know.
this was all Darren's idea.
to get together.
Darren and ideas...
he's full of 'em.
[both laughing]
That reminds me...
remember when
we were in high school
and Darren pranked
the school office
and replaced the national anthem
with... what was it?
Alvin and the Chipmunks.
Yes! That was it!
Oh. the looks
on those teachers' faces.
[both chuckling]
♪ ♪
This is so nice.
Being out here.
it reminds me of when we used
to hang out on your back porch.
[Mark] Except you can't see
as many stars.
You know. even on a clear night.
[door creaks softly]
You know. I can't tell you
what it felt like to see you
again after all these years.
It felt like...
a bit of home.
[planter crashing]
Leah? Is that you?
Uh. yep! Yup.
Yeah. yeah.
[forced chuckle]
Hey!
Uh. I was just out here.
checking. uh...
barometric pressure
and temperature... whoo!
But. um. yeah.
it's looking really good.
so. um. anyway.
I'm just gonna go back inside.
but hope you guys
have a great time.
Okay.
[sighs dejectedly]
♪ ♪
Maybe I should've offered her
some dessert.
She's on her own. so...
Right.
So. I was saying
how nice
it was to see you again.
Hmm?
Oh! Yeah. it's been great.
You know. maybe I could
pack some up for her.
You know. she could have it
when she wants.
Right.
You know she stopped by earlier.
your neighbor.
She did?
Yeah.
She didn't say
it was anything important.
but it was funny.
'cause it took me by surprise
when she just walked right in.
Oh. yeah. we actually
don't really knock anymore.
It's been great.
It's like we live
in one big townhouse.
instead of two.
I see.
Mm-hmm.
♪ ♪
You know. this was really great.
just to catch up
with an old friend.
Yeah. Yeah.
I mean. it was.
Thank you...
for the veggie pot pie
and the excellent apple crumble.
Well. I still have a bit
of country roots left in me.
Yeah.
I should probably get going.
Oh. Okay. well.
I'll walk you to your car.
Oh. no. no. no. no.
No. I'm just parked out back.
Sit.
Goodnight. Mark.
You take care of yourself. okay?
And Mark. don't forget.
We were friends first. too.
It's the best place to start.
♪ ♪
Hmm.
I don't know. Dad.
maybe I'm wrong.
Yeah. I thought
they were good enough
to make the playoffs. too.
No. I mean...
being focused on my career.
What if the right man
doesn't want to wait for me?
Or I miss my chance.
or whatever?
Does this have to do
with your neighbor. Mark?
Because your mom seems to think
that something's going on.
Mark? Pfft. No.
- Mm.
- No way. I...
We're just friends.
So. no.
Besides. he's been spending time
with an old girlfriend. so...
no.
I was thinking
maybe Nolan. from work.
He's been trying to do
a redo date since Vegas. so.
Nolan?
Yeah.
Dad! Dad! What are you doing?
The bases are fully loaded.
I know I told you to keep
your eye on the ball.
and you have been.
You gotta play the field.
you gotta cover all your bases.
and when you're finally ready
to take a swing again
and step up
into the batter's box.
just make sure
that you're batting for someone
who's great for you.
Someone who. you know. uh.
makes you feel like
you're both playing
for the same team.
Dad. that's the most confusing
baseball analogy
I've ever heard.
Yeah. I got nothin'.
♪ ♪
[knocks]
Guess she's not home.
Let's go.
[background chatter. indistinct]
Here.
Thanks.
All right.
Okay.
[Nolan exhales deeply]
- How's this table?
- Uh. looks fine.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Okay.
- I. uh...
- Thanks.
...can't deny
I was a little surprised
that you wanted a redo
on this date.
Well. it only seems fair.
Yeah. yeah. Sure.
But it's just
you didn't really seem
that interested.
not that I was gonna stop trying
or anything. 'cause...
Mm. [chuckles] Yeah.
Uh... right.
Yeah.
Hey.
Did you know
that you can tell the weather
with how low or high
birds are flying?
Wow. that is kind of cool.
I guess.
And crickets...
they can tell you
the temperature.
How awesome is that?
Do you know what?
I tried crickets.
In Vegas.
It was like a dare. right?
But you know what?
They weren't even that bad.
They were chili-lime.
They were deep-fried.
Everything's good
deep-fried. right?
Yeah.
So tell me. Nolan.
What path are you on?
Like. what's your journey?
Well. um.
I don't really have any trips
planned right now.
No. I-I mean.
are you happy where you are?
Like. at work?
Living in the city?
Are you trying other things.
pursuing other things?
Broadening your horizons?
Mm. No.
No. not really. actually.
I'm a pretty happy guy.
I mean. working at the station
is... kinda like you.
We have a really good situation.
so it's kind of perfect. right?
Uh. well. not really.
I've-I've been broadening
my horizons.
Remember?
With my degree.
Right. Right. No. yeah.
Of course.
[gasps]
They have butter chicken here.
Amazing!
I got it. by the way.
My degree.
Well. that's cool.
That's cool
Oh! Oh. yeah.
Um. do you like basketball?
Because I did pick this place
because of all the TVs.
They will through the game on
every single TV. if you ask.
It's about to start. too!
[forced chuckle]
Well. that was fun.
Yeah. it was nice.
Yeah.
Come on. boy.
Hey.
Mark.
Hey! What are you. uh.
what are you two up to?
Something for work. or...
It's a make-up date.
Leah gave me
a second chance. so.
She did?
Well. that's. um...
that's something. all right.
Yeah. Well. I just figured
why be so rigid
about it all. so.
Yeah. well. I'm. uh...
glad you've come
to see it that way.
So I won't keep you two.
I'll see you.
Mark!
The daisies. they're drooping.
Because rain's coming.
Right.
Goodnight.
Bye.
So.
um. wanna go get
that ice cream. or...?
Sure.
Yeah? Let's go.
[Darren. on phone] You sure
you're ready to go back?
I mean. just like that?
I mean. you were ready
to spill your guts.
Honestly. Darren.
I knew this job
wasn't for me months ago.
so why wait it out?
Don't tell me "because of Leah."
because she clearly doesn't
feel the same way about me.
I mean. she finally decides
to break her commitment.
and the first person
she goes on a date with
is that Nolan guy.
Yeah. I'm sorry. bud.
Yeah. well. I gave it all
a shot. didn't I?
So...
[sighing]
Thanks for letting me stay here.
Of course. bro.
Any time.
[sighs]
All right. buddy.
You ready
to go back to the farm?
[barks]
♪ ♪
♪ Just back in the city ♪
♪ And it's a little too much ♪
♪ Can't catch my breath ♪
♪ Can't find my feet ♪
[Mark]
"If you got this letter.
then you've figured out
that I broke my commitment
to stick it out in the city
for a full year...
something I'm sure
you can understand.
because when you know
something's not right.
why force it?"
♪ ...It matters to me ♪
"So I've gone back
to where I'm happiest...
at the farm."
♪ Wherever you are... ♪
"For what it's worth.
the one thing that made it
hard for me to leave
was you.
You are what made my time
in the city worthwhile.
I hope I helped make
'the year of Leah. '
or at least some of it.
as rewarding as it could be.
Take care. Leah.
Keep watching and listening
to Mother Nature."
[thunder crashes]
"She'll tell you
what you need to know."
♪ Now. life in the country... ♪
"Your friend and neighbor...
Mark."
♪ ...It's beautifully simple ♪
♪ It's just easier
To know my own mind ♪
♪ So I hope it won't be
Too long now ♪
♪ Before we are ready ♪
♪ To head on out ♪
♪ See what peace we can find ♪
Hey.
[sighs]
♪ Wherever you are ♪
Uh. these didn't
come with a card?
Uh. they're. um.
they're from me.
I. uh. I was thinking
maybe we could. uh...
maybe go for a walk sometime.
Thank you.
I'm actually not
dating right now.
I mean. I was.
but I made a mistake...
a really big mistake.
[voice cracks] So. I...
I'm sorry.
This was so thoughtful.
but I can't accept it.
Well. why don't you
take 'em as a gift to...
help mend that broken heart
I'm seeing?
♪ ♪
Take care of yourself. Leah.
Bye. George.
♪ ♪
You girls seem calm today.
Still wet out. though.
There we go.
[chuckling warmly]
Hey. Dad?
Think it's time
to put the hay out to dry.
Sun's coming.
Looks like for good.
♪ ♪
Beautiful daisies.
Thanks.
They're open!
Your daises are open!
- Okay....
- Do you know what that means?
It means that we can
put away our umbrellas.
because the sun
is gonna come out!
I promise!
It's really happening!
Oh. my gosh. it's coming out!
♪ ♪
Chris?
It's gonna happen.
The rain is gonna move on.
Hi. everyone.
I'm Leah Waddell
with a very special
weather statement.
The sun is well on its way
to Conway and surrounding areas.
So make sure
you grab your sunscreen
and get out there
and enjoy the sunshine.
And... we're out!
[bell rings]
So are you sure about this?
I am.
Yeah?
Because someone special
taught me
that Mother Nature
is the best forecaster.
And if it wasn't for him.
I would still be
trying to prove myself.
So thank you. Nolan.
for the date redo...
but I got to go.
[smack]
♪ ♪
Hungry. aren't ya?
♪ I first saw you... ♪
Leah?
What are you doing here?
I came here to thank you.
For what?
For helping me
get the forecast right.
Because the weather's
finally breaking.
Well. you would've figured
that out all on your own.
Maybe.
Or maybe I would've just
stubbornly plowed ahead.
relying on my science.
Just like I kept plowed
through my "year of Leah"
when I really should have
just opened my eyes.
Because if I had...
then I would have seen
that the one I should be with.
the one that enhances
everything I wanted
to accomplish this year.
was right next door.
And now I'm...
afraid that I'm too late.
that the decision I made
to focus on me
and put my walls up. well...
that it caused me to lose
more than just a friendship.
You didn't lose anything. Leah.
And I'd wait another year
if it meant I could be with you.
Really?
You would wait for me?
I would.
But I'd prefer not to.
Me neither.
♪ ♪
♪ ...I'm the best kind of me ♪
♪ This isn't just... ♪
♪ Any kind of love ♪
I love you. Leah.
I love you. Mark.
♪ ...Never known a heart
That was so kind ♪
♪ And the love... ♪